# Hello-World
This repository is for practicing the GitHub Flow."
Enotambe Constance is the fourth child in the family of seven. Her life is not the regular happy child as all the other children. while growing up she was outspoken and very courages and with that kind of character she was always misjudged to be the worst child. She suffered a lot of discrimination from both her parents and her siblings. which made her to enjoy her own company and look for other survival strategies. 
Following her daring attitude and her love to trying new thing when she got into secondary school she persuaded her parents to send her to her uncle in Mamfe to which after much disagreement her parents finally accepted because they just wanted to please her and make her happy although her parents were sceptical about it because they did not want her to be mistreated by anyone. then she was sent to a town called Mamfe where she lived with her uncle, his wife, their daughter, their grandson and her uncle’s mother.  Her uncle’s mother was not a good person as she always made my uncle to have problems with his wife which made the house to always be uncomfortable.  Going to school in Government High School Mamfe was fun but she had an encounter as to where she was coming from a town called Mbonge which was unknown by her classmates so she ended up saying she was from a town called Kumba which was a known town by all her classmates although she had little or no knowledge about and since her elder sisters went to Government High School Limbe she resulted into telling her friends and classmates that she went to Government High School Limbe since her friends did not know where the original place where she was coming from, things were moving well until one day a student put on the Government High School Limbe sport wear to school without her  knowing how Government High School Limbe  sport wear looked like she was fast to ask her friends which school had that sport wear which just made everybody to turn around and look at her with that eye of "you are a Lier" she was mocked by all her friends and classmates for lying about her school and where she originally came from. that experience was embarrassing to her and she felt ashamed and disappointed because no one wanted to listen to her or try to understand why she said what she said. That only made her stronger as she tried leaving each day as it came while trying to be strong and motivate herself while at home life was not that good as her uncle’s mother made life a living hell for her, her uncle's wife and her uncle's daughter which made her uncle to send his wife packing thus making the house uncomfortable for her and her uncles daughter two year living with her uncles came to an end with she was done with her form three class then latter travelled back to her parents during the holiday. 
After the holiday, her and her elder sister were sent to CCAS Kumba a renown government school in the south west region of Cameroon where she did her form four but unfortunately for her name was next to her classmate who was asthmatic and was always absent from school while they where filling attendance register in class she was always marked absent instead of the sick girl which led to her dismissal from the school though she passed her exams well making her disappointed but being a courageous little girl she never gave up. 
She was latter sent to her Grand Maternal uncle in Kwa-Kwa a small town  where she did her form five in Government Bilingual High School Kombone Town she started school there and passed her GCE ordinary level and went back to her parents  during the holiday 
Then after the holiday her parents looked for her admission in a private school in Kumba where she did her lower sixth and upper sixth and got her GCE Advanced level, But she was living with her Aunty who did not make thing any easy for her, during her stay with her aunty there were always side comments and insults she tried turning a blind eyes to all she was going through in that house. she was mocked for being rejected by her parents which was not the case, she will work from morning before going to school in an empty stomach and immediately as she comes back from school she  will be asked to cook at the end of the day she will be done cooking by 7 or 8 pm sometimes unable to eat because of exhaustion. Studying too after school was not easy because some times when she wants to study her aunt’s children will intentionally turn off the light. after her lower sixth during the holiday she travelled to spend the holiday with her parents as that as always been the case but during this particular holiday with the severe stomach pain she used to have her mother took her to the hospital and she was diagnosed of Appendicitis which she was operated upon unfortunately while in the hospital and even when she came out of the hospital her Aunty never called to check on her after two weeks of the operation was school resumption she had to travel back to her aunt’s place to start school that is her upper sixth. while in her aunt’s house because she could not start work immediately her aunty was upset and refused her from using the water from the house to bath so she had to go to her other aunty every morning to take her bath before school although she was doing some house chores but just avoided doing the ones that involved the lifting up of heavy thing and bending for too long. During her preparation for her GCE advanced level the whole acting up at home was getting worse and whenever she wanted to study they will turn off the light so she started studying in an incomplete church(Apostolic Church) even though she was not a Christian in the church. she will study there all night and return in the morning in the house but that too did not sit down well with her Aunty as they started saying she was not going out to study that she was only going to sleep around with men even though she never had any knowledge of a man. studying there alone for a month motivated the Christians(Students) in the church to join her and study together until the they all wrote their exams. fortunately for her she made it in her GCE Advance level in all her subjects that proved all the people who misjudged her to be ashamed unfortunately for her aunt’s children all of them failed their exams. Then it was time for her to go to the university but she had another disappointment because the government university did not give her admission. she later found a private institute called Joflacam Institute of Computer Science following her love for studying where she had a National Diploma in Bilingual Secretary-ship  2015, A National Diploma in Computer Networking in 2016 and a Higher National Diploma in Computerised Accounting and received an award as the best graduating student in 2016. Enotambe Constance is a computer science teacher at College Complex International Esperance, She has been teaching Computer science since 2017 and once worked as an Administrative and finance officer at Visionary Technologies Company . She has been into several fields since she graduated from school in 2016 where she obtained  a Higher National Diploma in Computerised accounting, a National Diploma in Bilingual Secretary-ship and a National Diploma in Computer Networking, which gave her the opportunity to gain experience with some software like wave, QuickBooks, Microsoft office, and some programming languages like  C, Python and SQL.
Constance Passion for learning is evidenced by diverse diplomas and ongoing Coursera coursework such as Google  data analytics Certification which gave her the opportunity to gain experience with programming language like R and SQL and equally equipped with analytical skills, Advanced google analytics and google cybersecurity program ongoing. Driven by her Problem-solving skills Constance Attracted to cybersecurity's challenges, leveraging her existing programming and analytical skills and her Desire to help others is mentioned as a reason for her interest in cybersecurity.
 She desires  an Entry-level cybersecurity position that leverages her technical skills and desire to learn.  She believes Google Cybersecurity Certificate will enhance her candidacy and develop her professional skillset

